readme.md, before:

# Getting Used to Firebase

## Overview
This repository provides a beginner-friendly guide to getting started with Firebase, covering its core features and usage. Firebase is a comprehensive app development platform that helps you build and scale applications with ease. This guide focuses on essential Firebase services, including authentication, real-time databases, storage, and more.

## Requirements
To follow along with this guide, ensure you have the following:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 12 or higher)
- Install WebPack
- A Google account to access Firebase
- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- A code editor, like [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

## Features Covered
This guide covers:
- **Firebase Authentication**: Set up secure sign-up and login features.
- **Firebase Firestore**: Manage data in real-time with NoSQL database.
- **Firebase Storage**: Store and retrieve user-generated content like images.
- **Firebase Hosting**: Deploy and host web applications with ease.

## Setup
Follow these steps to set up the project:

1. **Clone the Repository**  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nimesh-kavinda/Getting-Used-to-Firebase.git
   cd Getting-Used-to-Firebase

2. **Start to follow the basic Firebase instructions**

Commit message:

Finish the Firebase Crash Code

readme.md, after:

# Getting Used to Firebase

## Overview
This repository provides a beginner-friendly guide to getting started with Firebase, covering its core features and usage. Firebase is a comprehensive app development platform that helps you build and scale applications with ease. This guide focuses on essential Firebase services, including authentication, real-time databases, storage, and more.

This is a Crash Code For the Firebase.Remeber that if you are going to learn from this.

## Requirements
To follow along with this guide, ensure you have the following:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 12 or higher)
- Install WebPack
- A Google account to access Firebase
- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- A code editor, like [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

## Features Covered
This guide covers:
- **Firebase Authentication**: Set up secure sign-up and login features.
- **Firebase Firestore**: Manage data in real-time with NoSQL database.
- **Firebase Storage**: Store and retrieve user-generated content like images.
- **Firebase Hosting**: Deploy and host web applications with ease.

## Setup
Follow these steps to set up the project:

1. **Clone the Repository**  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nimesh-kavinda/Getting-Used-to-Firebase.git
   cd Getting-Used-to-Firebase

2. **Start to follow the basic Firebase instructions**
